Vale Edits 0.1 (#2869)
kanidm/kanidm: book/src/developers/designs/authentication_flow.md

3. Client requests auth with a method (`AuthStep::Begin(AuthMech)`)
4. Server responds with an acknowledgement (`AuthState::Continue(Vec<AuthAllowed>)`). This is so the
   challenge can be included in the response, for Passkeys or other challenge-response methods.

>    - If required, this challenge/response continues in a loop until the requirements are satisfied with,
>      for example, TOTP + Password.

Reviewer: The "with" doesn't make sense here.

```suggestion
   - If required, this challenge/response continues in a loop until the requirements are satisfied. For example, TOTP and then Password.
```
